did an office hours this week, first
part Toro that talked about good versus
bad use cases for AI in marketing
specifically and
this section was particularly app
appreciated by folks um who attended and
so I I thought I'd share it with you.
I'm going to kick off with this uh quote
from from Katie Mack who's an
astrophysicist and someone who's uh
spent a bunch of time studying how LLMs
work. Chat bots do not know facts and
are not designed to be able to
accurately answer factual questions.
They are designed to find and mimic
patterns of words probabilistically.
When they're right, why are they right?
It's because correct things are often
written down and they can use that data
from their models in training.
Okay, so here's what I believe that that
essentially it's not these things are
always bad and these things are always
good and you're always going to have
success if you do these marketing tasks
with AI and you're always going to have
a bad time if you don't. It's a
spectrum. The spectrum goes from good,
right? Like getting ideas almost every
brainstorm ideation type of thing pretty
good and almost everything that is
create this thing that I'm going to
publish without touching is very bad.
That includes art and images. It
includes video. It includes certainly
blog posts and articles and social
posts. And in the middle is is sort of
editing content which can be good but
probably still requires some human
review. Generate insights from data
sources versus generating real data.
Insights it's pretty good at presenting
those although again requires a human
review. Same with data analysis, but
generating data, no, tends to be quite
bad at this. Analyzing other data is
where it shines. Crawling the web for
potential references, great use.
Absolutely. Crawling the web for the one
and only answer that you don't confirm,
probably a bad idea. You should check
it. And if you're asking it to crawl the
web iteratively with the new reasoning
models like um ChachiBt03,
it it does do it. But again, it it
starts to lose steam, get less accurate,
get less thoughtful, give less
compelling answers. Uh as you do this,
you want to make predictions for further
reviews, great. You want to give the
right or best answer, same story as
above. And making predictions for
testing, right? like, hey, I want to
test this variation of this landing page
or whatever. Sometimes it can be fine to
do that. You can see Meta doing a pretty
good job with their Facebook ad builder,
which is obviously based on uh AI. Same
thing with Google. So, we're getting
there. Uh I think generally speaking,
when it comes to things that are where
you're asking AI to conform to existing
standards, give you fast ideas,
stereotype for you. a stereotype. I know
it's generally conceived as a bad word,
but it can be good if you are looking
for the stereotypical,
you know, objections that these people
might have to this particular product or
problem. It's great answers based on
existing human knowledge, words, tasks,
and numbers that come after other words,
tasks, and numbers on the internet. But
if you wanted to do novel things, give
you high quality ideas, illuminate the
diversity, again I don't mean diversity
in terms of like ethnic diversity of
people. I mean diversity of answers,
statistical diversity, like oh well 10%
of the time this is true, 4% of the time
this is true, 7% of the time that's
true. AI is not good at that.
Illuminating questions that require new
research, right? Like if you need if you
needed to answer hey this pro I'm having
this problem and to solve that problem
you really have to go get the answer by
doing new research running a survey a
study analyzing a data set what you know
what that's something AI does not do or
considering information outside of the
model's training corpus
AI absolutely improves when you give it
real data because then you're asking it
to do analysis rather than come up with
something this is why I think so Many
people are basically doing this new
thing with Spark Toro which we had never
planned for but are now thinking more
about which is they take the Spark Toro
data and they upload it. I'll show you
an example. Here's hey my audience is
middle to high income travelers from the
US. They're going to Italy. They want
unique cultural experiences. Given this
audience tell me which social networks
they use most, which websites they
visit, which YouTube channels, blah blah
blah. All the stuff that Spark Toro
does. You can just ask chat GPT and it
will it'll give you the answers. There
you go. most to least you. Okay,
Instagram must be the most used network
for this group. Facebook second, YouTube
third, fourth. It's answering
confidently, but these answers aren't
true. They're just words that frequently
come after other words on the internet,
right? [laughter] It's not tokens. In
this case, tokens that come after other
tokens. Uh likely websites. Why does
this look so good? When you look at
this, this list, I think people realize
that it's it's probably wrong and not
correct, but this list looks really
good. Why does it look so good? Because
the stereotype of where people go, uh,
specific websites that talk about Italy
travel, especially for middle and high
income people, you know what? There's
lots of that content on the internet.
It's just like Katie Mack said in her
post on Blue Sky, these answers are
written down in lots of places. So,
sure, Atlas Obscura, Yep. Eater, Sirius
Eats, Luchia, and Italana, these are
places I go. YouTube channel
subscription. Well, this starts to get
sketchier. There's some gaps there. This
is a non-answer, which I actually prefer
to giving a wrong answer. But if you ask
it something like this, can you give me
five ideas for social media posts on
Instagram that would be likely to appeal
and engage with this audience? These are
good. Like, these are as good as a
brainstorm that I would come up with on
a whiteboard, you know, with Amanda or
something. I I think this is where AI
shines. Give me a bunch of ideiation.
I'll pick some of the best ones. I'll
I'll probably ideate off of those. And
and so this is one of the reasons why,
you know, when Spark Toro does this
ourselves, like when we use uh AI to
build audiences, we're essentially using
the thing that we know it's really good
at, which is stereotyping the websites
people frequently visit in a category.
That's what's happening kind of behind
the scenes. And then we're taking the
data, the real clickstream data, real
cross visitation data of what those
people do and what their behaviors are
to build an audience group. And so, you
know, then you can take the export, you
know, and do exactly what a lot of
people are doing now, which is uploading
it to the LLM of their choice seems to
be most frequently chat GPT. Uh, and
then combining that with real that that
AI prompting the real data of real
audience behaviors.
Wow, these look way better. These these
look even better. And you know what it
is? It's not that they're like that much
superior in terms of the creativity.
Like, I personally like them better. who
knows if they would actually work
better. You know what they do? It's this
right here. They say they say, "Hey,
because this data was included in the
data set, I'm giving this suggestion."
So now the suggestions are based off
real data. And if you need to pitch a
client or your team or your boss saying,
"Hey, we know our audience does X
because the the real audience data tells
us so whatever you could upload your
analytics data or something." and then
getting ideas from AI vastly superior.
Obviously, these still require human
review. I am not saying just use them,
but you can get really good. Uh I'm
going to have on the blog soon some more
marketing use cases. I walk through a
whole bunch of these different ones that
you can do it and how you can get them
to be even better and uh all that kind
of stuff. So stay tuned for that. I'll
have it up in the next few weeks.